Trufla Technology is a multinational Canadian company and the first of its kind – we offer a complete suite of digital solutions for the modern insurance brokerage. From SEO and web design, to lead management, branded customer service and API’s, Trufla provides a 360° digital strategy for brokerages and reimagines the way their customers interact with insurance.

Trufla is leading a digital revolution that will transform the insurance industry! We’re growing fast, and we’re looking for visionaries to join our team of innovators and disruptors at our Cairo offices.

It’s our goal for Trufla to be the BEST place to work. A great corporate culture is one of our top priorities.

Main Benefits

Competitive Salary
Health Insurance
Gym Membership
Flexible Working Hours
Continuing Education Opportunities
Work from home
Team Building Activities
Milestone celebrations – work anniversaries, birthday celebrations, etc.

Job Responsibilities

Build and automate the provisioning of infrastructure and cloud-native services
Architect and manage infrastructures for a multitenant distributed environment
Identify and execute on cloud cost optimization opportunities
Foster strong working relationships with cross functional partners from design & product
Take holistic ownership of your work by understanding how things work, even if they take you outside your area of expertise
Ensure you follow best practices including but not limited to security, availability, and observability of the infrastructure
Constantly Bring innovative ideas to the table to help make our environment and processes better
Bring thoughtful perspectives, empathy, creativity, and a positive attitude to take on problems at scale
Communicate effectively (both written and oral) with colleagues at all levels of the organization

Job Qualifications

4+ years of experience managing infrastructures with lots of moving pieces
Experience with any public cloud providers (i.e. AWS, Google & Azure), preferably AWS
Proficiency working with cloud technologies: Dockerization, ECS, CI/CD, auto-scaling, DBs (MySQL, Mongo, Postgres, Elasticsearch, etc…) , IAC
Proficiency with Linux systems and tools
Experience in scripting languages (i.e. Shell, Bash, Python, etc…)
Strong experience in automation
Preferably experience in architecting scalable infrastructures and data warehouses.
Data-driven and strongly motivated by success and learnings through experiments and metrics analysis
Comfortable working in a fast-moving team environment (we deploy many times a day!)
Computer Science degree, or significant equivalent experience
Passion for mentoring and supporting the continued education of team members
Good knowledge of modern deployment tools and technologies (i.e. CI/CD, Docker, AWS, etc…)

Values & Competencies

Positive attitude and enthusiasm for employee training and development
Flexible and adaptable with proven problem-solving ability
High degree of professionalism, integrity, and confidentiality
Demonstrated accountability and reliability in the quality and timeliness of work
Ability to work well within a team, and independently, and able to adjust to tight and changing deadlines
Critical thinker with strong attention to details

Trufla Technology is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to all forms of diversity in the workplace. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.